<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD LW DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_y3d_4c2_fy">
  <title><b>How to Rent a MacBook Laptop, iPad Pro, and Canon Vixia HF G40 Camcorder</b></title>
  <shortdesc>So you've learned about our technology rental services and you want to move forward
    with renting an item (or multiple items) during your time in your AirClassroom room? Follow
    these simple steps to reserve our technology items through AirClassroom!</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p></p>
    <ol id="ol_lqs_bd2_fy">
      <li>
        <p>Log In.</p>
        <p><b>You created a profile on AirClassroom when you initially signed up to rent a classroom
            through our services. Log into this profile with your corresponding credentials
            (username &amp; password).</b></p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>Choose the Classroom Rental.</p>
        <p><b>Select the classroom reservation you wish to also accommodate with your rental of our
            technology opportunities.</b></p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>Choose the Item.</p>
        <p><b>Under “Additional Services,” select “Technology” from the drop-down list. Follow the
            page as it redirects to you to the list of available items. Choose the item, the
            quantity you wish to reserve, and the time for delivery. </b></p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>Rent!</p>
        <p><b>Once everything is in order above, and your selections are made, select Submit Rental
            Request to complete the rental process. You will receive a same-day confirmation email
            to the contact information provided on your profile with the details of your technology
            rental and its delivery details. AirClassroom employees will provide the delivery
            service to your reserved classroom upon request.</b></p>
      </li>
    </ol>
    <section>
      <title>AirClassroom Preparations</title>
      <video>
        <controls/>
        <source value="https://www.youtube.com/embed/pKQ6wI2DNQg" />
      </video>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
